Extend sample data using seperate script for METS processing, Splits example data and necessary data of setup Makefile process (#44)
markusweigelt/kitodo_production_ocrd: README.md

     * [Status](#status)
     * [Configuration](#configuration)
   * [Kitodo](#kitodo)

>      * [Sample Data](#sample-data)

Author: `extensions` can also be a bit confusing as it sounds like a feature extension for Kitodo.Production to me. I go with `example` or how about just `test`?

>      * [Sample Data](#sample-data)

Reviewer: But it _is_ a feature extension. (Only without additional code/classes.)

`example` and `test` both do not cover the script tasks we are installing. (Okay, you might argue that these are _also_ just examples, albeit on a more general level than DB additions. But you already distinguish between `prepare-examples` and `prepare-data` ...)

Watch `docker logs`, or look under the hood with the Monitor.

##### Execute script task "OCR from Export Dir"

This script task executes the script `script_ocr_export_dir.sh` from the script folder and passes the selected `process title` and the current `task id` as parameters.
The automatic script task is bound to the manual task `Export DMS` in the workflow, because it needs the METS from the export folder that is created via the DMS export. 

To export METS of process, navigate from the dashboard to `All processes` by clicking on the button in processes widget, or use the URL http://localhost:8080/kitodo/pages/processes.jsf?tabIndex=0.

Select process to export, and click on `Possible actions` and then on `Export DMS`. After a successful export, the METS is located in the export folder `/usr/local/kitodo/dms-export/` in the subfolder with the title of the selected process.

> Note: The export folder can be changed under the project settings and can only be found in our sample project under this path `/usr/local/kitodo/dms-export/`.

After that the status of the task can be set to `Completed` and our script task `OCR from Export Dir` will be executed automatically.

> (or equivalently when the METS was exported:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Equivalently, to execute the script task manually after the METS has been exported (in some other workflow),
enter an `Execute KitodoScript` action in the same way as above, but with the text:
```

```
action:runscript "stepname:OCR from Export Dir" "script:OCR Export Dir"
```

> > Note: The `script_ocr_export_dir.sh` is work in process and does not perform any processing of the METS atm. It only gives a message with which parameters it was called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :construction: The `script_ocr_export_dir.sh` is still work in process, and does not perform any actual processing of the METS at the moment. 
> (It only prints a message which parameters it was called with.)
```
